Alright. Let me just add three more drops of explosive diarrhea

Hey Princess Bubblegum, when we bring the dead back to life. Will it be filled with worms?

No, if my decorpsinator serum works. Then all the dead Candy People will look as young and healthy as you do.

Pick up that platter, tough guy.

Old Mr. Cream Puff?

We used to date.

Something's happening!
Algebraic!

Wait, Something's wrong.

Hey, look. The decorpsinator serum is working!

No, this is wrong. They're not coming back to life. They're still dead! The decorpsinator serum-- it's incomplete!

You're grounded, Mister. 【你被禁足了】

Oh, this is really bad.

They're going to be attracted to the Candy Kingdom!
Why? Because the Candy People are made of sugar, ya ding dong!

Gimme some sugar, baby.

Chew on this! 【好好思考下之前的话】

Good one, Finn. 【做的好！真棒】

Quickly, to the kingdom!

Get a life! 【找点正事做吧！】

All citizens of the Candy Kingdom! Report to the palace, immediately!

Hurry, sweet citizens.

Alright, you heard the princess . Everyone in! Alright, no pushing, come on!

Dude, what's up? The princess will explain everything.

Tree Trunks, get those hot buns in here, girl.

I hope that is not bad news.

Did we get everyone?

All present and accounted for. 【全员到齐&一切就绪】

Citizens, we are assembled here in the candy foyer for a momentous announcement. 【大堂&重大宣告】

Tonight we are all going to have…a slumber party.


Wait! What about the zombies--  Go ahead and start partying.

But Princess, the Undead-- 【亡灵，不死之身】

We'll be right back, everyone.

Finn, the Candy People can't know about the zombies.


If they knew, they would flip out.

Princess? It's me, Starchy the gravedigger.


I brought you a larger corpse shovel. 【尸体&铲子】

Oh, Princess? Well, I'll just wait for you here, then. By the mausoleum. With my back turned. And my defense s lowered. 【陵墓】

Candy People explode when they get scared?

Not telling the Candy People about the zombies is so important that you need to promise.

Royal promise.

Not to let anyone find out about the zombies.

Now I must cloister myself in the lab and finish the equation to my decorpsinator serum. 【闭关】

You keep the Candy folk distracted and ignorant. 【分心&无知】

Don't tell anyone about the zombies.Never ever.

No, wait. Can I at least tell Jake?

Tell me about what, dude?

You know, about the outbreak of zombie.

Hey, dude. I think you and Bubblegum are up to something.

Whoa, you guys are up to something.

Is it some sort of prank? Can I get in on it? 【恶作剧】

Who wants to play"True or Dare" ?

Ok, you may ask someone to tell a deep truth or a saucy dare.

I dare you to take off your wrapper
.

Bros are supposed to tell bros everything all the time.

What are you and Bubblegum up to?  Is everything alright?
 Everything is great, Except for that.

I can't eat chocolate or fudge 'cause I'm a dog and they'd probably kill me. 【乳脂软糖】

I dare you to tell me the truth about what's going on in your mind.

What were you and Bubblegum talking about when you were alone together?

You promised you wouldn't freakin' tell anyone. 【强调】

The truth is… that i'd rather play Dodge Socks. 【躲避】

'm not playing dodge socks 'till you stop dodging my questions.


Just tell me what's up, 'cause you are crazier than a cannonball tonight.

Oh,my goodness.  Princess hasn't finished the equation and the zombies are here.

She just want this slumber party to be super fun.

And if I did have something to tell you. Then I would in a second and it would make my life easier, unless there was something stopping me, like a promise, but there isn't so i won't.

You lost me. 【你把我弄糊涂了】


Do you know what time it is?


You gotta be kidding me.


I'm gonna come out and make you spill your beans. 【逼你招供】
Does anyone else hear that?

Dance it! Bust it up!

What is this game you are playing at now?

It's Blockado.  The game of barricades.

Come on, let's block all the entrancs and windows.

Alright, this is not a permanent solution.

How can you keep everyone from finding out?

Your convenient appearance gives me a great idea.

Everyone, grab a stick!


New game!  We're gonna smash some pinatas!

Now everybody don these blindfolds. [穿上&眼罩]

You guys are on fire.

My improbable plan worked.

Seven minutes up yet?

What the nuts happened here?

We killed all the zombies that Princess Bubblegum and raised from the dead.

Did you break your Royal Promise?

The Candy People won't freak out. What's the big deal?

The Guardians of the Royal Promise are coming for us.

For which the penalty is trial by fire. 【惩罚&审判】

Isn't there another option?

Because you care for the promise-breake.  We will give him a less hot trial.

You're terrible at math.

Solve this.

Wait, i thought of a better one.

You've defeated the broken royal promise.

The Gumball Guardians are resetting.

Slamacow! That was tops! 【something was excellent, outstanding, or of high quality】

Who's not good at math?

This is messed up, but sweet.

All of our dead relatives.

You're nuts.

All you had to do is say that it was a royal secret. I know what's up.

I hope you grasp the full consequences of breaking promises.

Reverse death itself.

Don't squeeze me, I'll fart.